# Host BSM Decoder
The Host-Bsm-Decoder application is a vehicle side application that listens for the **own** Basic Safety Messages generated by the OBU. 

## Work-flow
Upon receipt of a message packet, Host-BSM-Decoder extracts the payload and decodes it into a JSON string. The JSON string is then sent to the Priority-Request-Generator for further processing, and to the V2X-Data-Collector for storage.

## Console output and logging
Host-Bsm-Decoder displays the receipt of Basic Safety Messages on the console. It does not produce any log files.

## Requirements
1. The OBU must be configured to forward the generated Basic Safety Messages to the Host-BSM-Decoder
2. Undisrupted physical network connection between the OBU and the vehicleside processor (host processor of the Host-Bsm-Decoder)
3. The OBU must have clear view of the sky for quality reception of GPS signals.
4. It is necessary for the OBU to have a valid `heading` to be able to generate Basic Safety Messages. In most cases, this will require significant movement of the antenna before Basic Safety Messages start generating.

## Configuration
In the `mmitss-phase3-master-config.json` file, following fields need to be configured:
1. `["HostIp"]`: a `string` specifying the IP address of the host processor of the Host-BSM-Decoder (vehicleside coprocessor)
2. `["PortNumber"]["HostBsmDecoder"]`: an `int` specifying the UDP port number where Host-BSM-Decoder listens for the packets containing Basic Safety Messages
3. `["PortNumber"]["PriorityRequestGenerator"]`: an `int` specifying the UDP port number used by the Priority-Request-Generator
4. `["PortNumber"]["DataCollector"]`: an `int` specifying the UDP port number used by the V2X-Data-Collector
  
## Known issues/limitations
- None -
